Backport 2573 and fix dead links (#2640)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/visualize/viz-index.md

## Gantt charts

> Gantt charts show the start, end, and duration of unique events in a sequence. Gantt charts are useful in trace analytics, telemetry, and anomaly detection use cases where you want to understand interactions and dependencies between various events in a schedule. **Gantt chart** is currently a plugin, instead of built-in, visualization type in Dashboards. See [Gantt charts]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}2.5/dashboards/visualize/gantt/) to learn how to create and use them in Dashboards.

Author: ```suggestion
Gantt charts show the start, end, and duration of unique events in a sequence. Gantt charts are useful in trace analytics, telemetry, and anomaly detection use cases where you want to understand interactions and dependencies between various events in a schedule. **Gantt chart** is currently a plugin, instead of built-in, visualization type in Dashboards. See [Gantt charts]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/visualize/gantt/) to learn how to create and use them in Dashboards.
```

## VisBuilder

> VisBuilder is a drag-and-drop data visualization tool in Dashboards. It gives you an immediate view of your data without the need to preselect the data source or visualization type output. Currently, VisBuilder can be used to create the following Dashboards visualization types: Area, Bar, Line, Metric, and Data Table. See [VisBuilder](https://opensearch.org/docs/2.5/dashboards/visualize/visbuilder/) to learn how to create and use drag-and-drop visualizations in Dashboards.

Author: ```suggestion
VisBuilder is a drag-and-drop data visualization tool in Dashboards. It gives you an immediate view of your data without the need to preselect the data source or visualization type output. Currently, VisBuilder can be used to create the following Dashboards visualization types: Area, Bar, Line, Metric, and Data Table. See [VisBuilder]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/visualize/visbuilder/) to learn how to create and use drag-and-drop visualizations in Dashboards.
```
